document every connection service (#5053)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/User.md

| id            | string  | id of the connection account                                                             |
| name          | string  | the username of the connection account                                                   |
| type          | string  | the [service](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/connection-object-services) of this connection        |
| revoked?      | boolean | whether the connection is revoked                                                        |
| integrations? | array   | an array of partial [server integrations](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/integration-object)      |
| verified      | boolean | whether the connection is verified                                                       |
| friend_sync   | boolean | whether friend sync is enabled for this connection                                       |
| show_activity | boolean | whether activities related to this connection will be shown in presence updates          |
| visibility    | integer | [visibility](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/connection-object-visibility-types) of this connection |

###### Services

> | Value              | Name                |
> | ------------------ | ------------------- |
> | battlenet          | Battle.net          |
> | epicgames          | Epic Games          |
> | facebook           | Facebook            |
> | github             | GitHub              |
> | leagueoflegends    | League of Legends   |
> | playstation        | PlayStation Network |
> | reddit             | Reddit              |
> | samsunggalaxy      | Samsung Galaxy      |
> | spotify            | Spotify             |
> | skype              | Skype               |
> | steam              | Steam               |
> | twitch             | Twitch              |
> | twitter            | Twitter             |
> | xbox               | Xbox                |
> | youtube            | YouTube             |
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Value              | Name                |
| ------------------ | ------------------- |
| battlenet          | Battle.net          |
| epicgames          | Epic Games          |
| facebook           | Facebook            |
| github             | GitHub              |
| leagueoflegends *  | League of Legends   |
| playstation        | PlayStation Network |
| reddit             | Reddit              |
| samsunggalaxy *    | Samsung Galaxy      |
| spotify            | Spotify             |
| skype *            | Skype               |
| steam              | Steam               |
| twitch             | Twitch              |
| twitter            | Twitter             |
| xbox               | Xbox                |
| youtube            | YouTube             |

\* Service can no longer be added by users

```

| friend_sync   | boolean | whether friend sync is enabled for this connection                                       |
| show_activity | boolean | whether activities related to this connection will be shown in presence updates          |
| visibility    | integer | [visibility](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/connection-object-visibility-types) of this connection |

###### Services

| Value              | Name                |
| ------------------ | ------------------- |
| battlenet          | Battle.net          |
| epicgames          | Epic Games          |
| facebook           | Facebook            |
| github             | GitHub              |
| instagram \*       | Instagram           |
| leagueoflegends \* | League of Legends   |
| playstation        | PlayStation Network |
| reddit             | Reddit              |
| samsung \*         | Samsung Galaxy      |
| spotify            | Spotify             |
| skype \*           | Skype               |
| steam              | Steam               |
| twitch             | Twitch              |
| twitter            | Twitter             |
| xbox               | Xbox                |
| youtube            | YouTube             |

> \* Users can no longer connect to these services, but the connections weren't removed from the users that already had it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\* Users can no longer connect acccounts from these services, but the connections weren't removed from the users that had them.
```

| xbox               | Xbox                |
| youtube            | YouTube             |

> \* Users can no longer connect acccounts from these services, but the connections weren't removed from the users that had them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
\* Users can no longer connect accounts from these services, but the connections weren't removed from the users that had them.
```

Reviewer 4: why is this commented even needed, bots don't need to know if users can still obtain them

Reviewer 2: to avoid confusion from users when they see old connections and wonder why they're not in the ui
